Here we have some code written in a module pattern.
Just a couple things to point out.
Note that we're using an iffy,
meaning that we wrap the entire function in
parentheses and then we
immediately invoke that function with the second set of parentheses over here.
Also, note that we're returning an object with a public function and that
the return value of the entire expression is stored in a variable called myModule.
So, again, this is just a normal module pattern.
How would we go about converting all this to the revealing module pattern?
Well, first, what we should do is move the public methods
outside of the returned object. So, let's go ahead and do that.
So, now, what we have is an empty returned object.
Now, again, the main difference between the module pattern and
the revealing module pattern is that while we still maintain encapsulation,
we can actually choose to reveal specific data and functions.
So, when this return object literal over here,
we can say publicMethod and the value for
this publicMethod property can actually referenced some of the module content.
We'll go ahead and make it referenced the publicMethod function over here.
I'm going to hit Enter, and we'll check I what myModule looks like.
Again, as we expect,
it's just an object with a single property,
publicMethod, which we can invoke.
So, just to recap, the key components of the revealing module pattern is first an iffy,
which we used over here,
as well as any module content,
meaning, any variables, methods, objects, etc.,
and the key ingredient that brings everything together is
the returned object literal at the very end over here,
with keys that points any data and functions that you want to reveal.